---
title: KEVIN MICHAEL MURTAUGH
---

8400 Merrill Circle • Seminole, Florida 33777

727.346.8086 • <kmmurtaugh@gmail.com>

**BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT / TECHNICAL SALES**

Dynamic, metric-driven team leader combines high expectations with consultative
skills and extensive technical knowledge to achieve ambitious objectives. Sharp
negotiator and proven relationship builder with an extensive network of
regional, Silicon Valley and Fortune 500 stakeholders at all levels.

Direct and Channel Sales • Contract Negotiations • Local and National Accounts

Strategy AND Tactics • Cross-Functional Collaboration

Consultative Sales • Staff Coach and Mentor • Technical Sales

**Director, Business Development, PROFESSIONAL SURVEYS, INC. (PSI) Largo, FL** •
**2017**

Diversify customer base via redefined business strategy, processes and
engagement models.

-   Define business model, including pricing, IT support, hiring, training and
    “contract seats.”

-   Engaged and won multiple Global Top 30 call center commitments to support
    PSI.

**Director of Business Development, G5 ENGINEERING SOLUTIONS FL • 2015- 2016**

Identify, and acquire new customer RFPs for hardware, software and mechanical
engineering projects.

-   Grew Stryker Sustainability from isolated Lakeland projects to
    corporation-wide partnership.

-   Built sales pipeline from \~\$500K to \$3.5M+.

**Technical Sales Manager, MEGATECHNOLOGIES INC. Tampa Bay, FL • 2014- 2015**

Strongly reversed multi-year decline in sales and new design wins across
GulfCoast territory.

-   Implemented “top down /bottom up” planning to assist ownership in defining
    success.

-   Innovated “program tables” to save customers millions AND rapidly generate
    new design wins.

**President & COO, Pelican Rugby Football Club, Inc. Tampa Bay, FL** • **2013
-2017**

Re-define success for 40-year old organization on verge of collapse. (Plus
contribute as a player!)

-   Rewrote by-laws, built BoD, set budgets, hired coaches, recruited players,
    negotiated contracts.

-   Created sponsor program, presented and signed corporate sponsors for \$10K+
    /year.

-   Unified disparate member groups & re-built social media to achieve
    nationally-recognized levels.

-   Awarded IRS 501(c )3 Charitable Organization and top St. Petersburg
    volunteer group in 2017

**Regional Sales Manager, PREMIER TECHNICAL SALES INC. (PTSI) FL • 2011- 2014**

Lead technical sales initiatives and daily operations to drive IC business
across southeast US.

-   Introduced and qualified multiple lines with Jabil HQ-based VPs, GCMs and
    Supplier Relations.

**Director N.A. Sales, HANTRO PRODUCTS OY, et al. Silicon Valley, CA • 2005 –
2011**

Commanded business development and drove sales for proprietary video compression
IP.

-   Negotiated with Broadcom, Motorola, Conexant design engineering, marketing,
    legal and VP-level management to close multiple six- and seven-figure
    licenses.

>   **KEVIN MICHAEL MURTAUGH** • Page 2 • 727.346.8086 • <kmmurtaugh@gmail.com>

**Regional Sales Manager, APPLIED MICROCIRCUITS CORP. Silicon Valley, CA • 2007
– 2008**

Motivated a top-performing, direct & indirect technical sales team to maximize
market penetration across Silicon Valley. Negotiated contract terms, generated
sales forecasts and design win reports.

-   Solved a major Juniper Networks QA issue by re-negotiating board-level spec
    changes.

-   Re-invented marketing collateral which increased PowerPC sales pipeline by
    \$5M+ in 180 days.

**Director, Sales & Marketing, QUADRANT CORPORATION Silicon Valley, CA • 2001 –
2005**

Managed multiple business ventures, highlighted by global partner Micron
Technologies with special emphasis on China and \$90M+ annual revenue.
Collaborated with Micron to generate market strategies and goals.

-   Designed business plan and negotiated wafer price, yield and NRE culminating
    in \$6M contract to build customer NAND controller IC.

-   Closed \$160K+ contract with Microchip to integrate 10/100 PHY into
    microcontroller SoC /ASSP.

**Core Account Manager, BAE SALES Silicon Valley, CA • 1999 – 2001**

Grew sales across 600+ assigned Silicon Valley customers. Worked with system
architects, engineers and procurement teams to generate 100s of new designs
wins.

-   Captured video-, power- and memory-architecture design wins with TiVo, WebTV
    and ReplayTV DVRs yielding more than \$20M in combined sales.

-   Cultivated Brocade Networks from cold calls to a \$10M customer within 18
    months.

**EARLY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS**

*More Details upon request*

**SMART MODULAR TECHNOLOGIES**, **Tampa Bay, Florida** – **SE Regional Sales
Manager**

**-**Design services for DRAM modules and custom board products with seven rep
firms across 11 states.

**MEC, Tampa Bay, Florida – Territory Manager**

\-Represented Microcontroller, LDO, ADC /DAC, SONET, memory and many other
product lines.

**AMD, Tampa Bay, Florida – District Sales Manager**

–Design-ins with bit-slice, MCS-51, iAPX, PAL, EPROM product lines with heavy
military focus.

**INTEL CORPORATION, Atlanta, Georgia – Field Sales Engineer**

\-Sold microcontroller, iAPX86, EPROM, Telecom, development system solutions.

**EDUCATION**

**Bachelor of Science in Engineering /Computer Science, Statistics, 3.8GPA**

Michigan State University • East Lansing, Michigan

Proficient in: Microsoft Office, SalesForce, ACT,
